[release] add changelog entries for 7.23.1 (#6573)
DataDog/datadog-agent: CHANGELOG.rst

Release Notes
=============

.. _Release Notes_7.23.1:

7.23.1
======

.. _Release Notes_7.23.1_Prelude:

Prelude
-------

Release on: 2020-10-15

- Please refer to the `7.23.1 tag on integrations-core <https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/AGENT_CHANGELOG.md#datadog-agent-version-7231>`_ for the list of changes on the Core Checks

.. _Release Notes_7.23.1_Bug Fixes:

Bug Fixes
---------

- The ``ec2_prefer_imdsv2`` parameter was ignored when fetching

>   EC2 tags from the metadata endpoint. This fixes situations were
>   EC2 tags could not be fetched by a containerized agent running
>   on an EC2 instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  EC2 tags from the metadata endpoint. This fixes a misleading warning log that was logged
  even when ``ec2_prefer_imdsv2`` was left disabled in the Agent configuration.
```
